stages of the Impostors 2013 18 degree
temperatures greeted the 129 riders
rolling out of neighs for the one
hundred and forty four point six
kilometres to the north Dublin seaside
town of scurries Marcin via Bosque
starting his sixth day in the yellow
jersey after sixteen kilometers at the
hill eval and cat3 climb Martin who
knell of the Czech Sparta Praha team
took the bonus points keeping a firm
grip on his king with the hills jersey
at kill stewart white of the
canadian national team and robert hassan
of the National Scottish team had gone
clear but the Scotsman Hassan forced
over the summit of the plaka mean king
of the hills cat three climb three other
riders made it across to the break
including Irishman Simon Ryan of the
Tipperary visit Nina the five leaders
saw their advantage going up to one
minute and 50 seconds at the category
three crosses the cage climb the German
Christophe Reiser took the bonus points
as the leaders raced on to the finish
entering scurries for the first of a
sixteen kilometers to lap circuit they
still had a gap of one minute on the
chasing peloton and the second passage
through the finish line it was all
together and the scene was set for a
massive sprint finish in strand Street
forced across the line was Sam Bennett
of the imposter chain reaction followed
by his teammates Nicolas freaking and
Shane Archibald and for clay
we had a great leader from the boys Sean
doing great
turns last two laps and believed will
work and then their own and last 3k hit
the front and then with 600 ago Shane
Archbold went and how she had off
returned and Nicholas got second first
from self so I couldn't be happier to
say twins yellow jersey holder marcin be
a brass key of poland did enough to hold
off several attacks to claim the 2013 on
post ross victory so bigger if to you
know to come down to this jersey for six
days my teammates worked so hard for me
it was like incredible it was big
pressure because I don't before the
stage I don't have any time time bonus
and if I lost like 30 places to conquer
I will of Jesse I have to be like very
close to him and if I punch em last week
I or crash will be everything will be
gone big present